I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
She advised him to come back at once.
The heat
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
Greetings from the real universe.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
In that instant, everything changed.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.